git-effort: add page (#6002)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-effort.md

# git effort

> > Display how much activity a file has had, showing commits per file and active days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Display how much activity a file has had, showing commits per file and "active days" i.e. total number of days that contributed to the file.
```
?

> Part of `git-extras`.
> More information: <https://github.com/tj/git-extras/blob/master/Commands.md#git-effort>.

> - Display each file, showing commits and active days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display each file in the repository, showing commits and active days:
```

`git effort`

> - Display files receiving over a specific number of commits, showing commits and active days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display files modified by specific number of commits or more, showing commits and active days:
```

`git effort --above {{5}}`

> - Display files committed to, from a specific author, showing commits and active days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display files modified by a specific author, showing commits and active days:
```

`git effort -- --author"{{username}}"`

> - Display files committed to, from a specific time/date, showing commits and active days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display files modified at a specific time/date, showing commits and active days:
```

`git effort -- --since='{{last month}}'`

> - Display files committed to, from specific chosen files, showing commits and active days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display each file in the specified directory, showing commits and active days:
```

Author: But it doesn't, if its directory/* it does

Author: Added new example in https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/6002/commits/ec123302d3f4306f6a3aa2934158ca0ce4799fe4

Keep suggesting however once you had read this suggest a new one

Reviewer: Ah, then maybe this?
```suggestion
- Display only the specified file or directory, showing commits and active days:
```

# git effort

> Display how much activity a file has had, showing commits per file and "active days" i.e. total number of days that contributed to the file.
> Part of `git-extras`.
> More information: <https://github.com/tj/git-extras/blob/master/Commands.md#git-effort>.

- Display each file in the repository, showing commits and active days:

`git effort`

> - Display files modified by specific number of commits or more, showing commits and active days:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display files modified at least 5 times, showing commits and active days:
```
Maybe this will read better?

Author: I don't like when a number is prechosen, I prefer using the current solution since it is generic
However I have just spotted an error

```suggestion
- Display files modified by a specific number of commits or more, showing commits and active days:
```

Reviewer 2: How about
```suggestion
- Display files modified at least a specific number of times, showing commits and active days:
```

Author: Yes, but that doesn't read right. Something is off about it

Reviewer 2: Then yours is fine. I just wasn't sure about "modified by a commit".

Author: Resolve?

> - Display files modified by specific number of commits or more, showing commits and active days:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display files modified by a specific number of commits or more, showing commits and active days:
```

`git effort --above {{5}}`

- Display files modified by a specific author, showing commits and active days:

`git effort -- --author="{{username}}"`

> - Display files modified at a specific time/date, showing commits and active days:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display files modified since a specific time/date, showing commits and active days:
```
Otherwise it would only show files, modified at that exact date.

> - Display files modified by a specific author, showing commits and active days:
> 
> `git effort -- --author"{{username}}"`
> 
> - Display files modified at a specific time/date, showing commits and active days:
> 
> `git effort -- --since='{{last month}}'`

Reviewer: Why the mixed quotes/missing `=`?
```suggestion
- Display files modified by a specific author, showing commits and active days:

`git effort -- --author="{{username}}"`

- Display files modified at a specific time/date, showing commits and active days:

`git effort -- --since="{{last month}}"`
```

> - Display only the specified file or directory, showing commits and active days:
> 
> `git effort {{path/to/file_or_directory}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display only the specified files or directories, showing commits and active days:

`git effort {{path/to/file_or_directory1 path/to/file_or/directory2 ...}}`
```
I think that wolud be useful to know.

> `git effort {{path/to/file_or_directory1 path/to/file_or/directory2 ...}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`git effort {{path/to/file_or_directory1 path/to/file_or_directory2 ...}}`
```

> - Display all files modified in a specific directory, showing commits and active days:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display all files in a specific directory, showing commits and active days:
```
I'm not sure why the modified was there.

> - Display all files modified, in a specific directory, showing commits and active days:

Author: ```suggestion
- Display all files modified, in a specific directory showing commits and active days:
```
